in Dr Thomas seifried's brain cancer
study from 2018 he used the following
four drugs to manage cancer
metformin prescription drug 1000
milligrams a day metformin lowers blood
glucose levels by inhibiting
gluconeogenesis and increasing insulin
sensitivity
chloroquine phosphate prescription drug
150 milligrams
normally chloroquine is used to treat
malaria but in the context of lowering
energy flow to cancer cells it is used
to lower glutamine metabolism
epigallocation gallate also known as
egcg or green tea extract
OTC supplement 400 milligrams green tea
extract inhibits the spread of cancer
cells by inducing apoptosis methylfolate
OTC supplement 1000 milligrams
methylfolate contributes to DNA repair
and it supports our immune function and
detoxification system share this video
if you know somebody who's fighting
cancer